pages/pages-root-folder/index.md, before:

---
#
# Use the widgets beneath and the content will be
# inserted automagically in the webpage. To make
# this work, you have to use › layout: frontpage
#
layout: frontpage
header:
  image_fullwidth: Header2_3B.png
widget1:
  title: "Hackprop: (Mis)adventures in re-inventing the wheel"
  url: 'http://www.mlbloopers.net/blog/'
  image: widget-1-302x182.jpg
  text: 'Every good portfolio website has a blog with fresh news, thoughts and develop&shy;ments of your activities. <em>Feeling Responsive</em> offers you a fully functional blog with an archive page to give readers a quick overview of all your posts.'
#widget2:
#  title: "Why use this theme?"
#  url: 'http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/info/'
#  text: '<em>Feeling Responsive</em> is heavily customizable.<br/>1. Language-Support :)<br/>2. Optimized for speed and it&#39;s responsive.<br/>3. Built on <a href="http://foundation.zurb.com/">Foundation Framework</a>.<br/>4. Seven different Headers.<br/>5. Customizable navigation, footer,...'
#  video: '<a href="#" data-reveal-id="videoModal"><img src="http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/images/start-video-feeling-responsive-302x182.jpg" width="302" height="182" alt=""/></a>'
#widget3:
#  title: "Download Theme"
#  url: 'https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive'
#  image: widget-github-303x182.jpg
#  text: '<em>Feeling Responsive</em> is free and licensed under a MIT License. Make it your own and start building. Grab the <a href="https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive/tree/bare-bones-version">Bare-Bones-Version</a> for a fresh start or learn how to use it with the <a href="https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive/tree/gh-pages">education-version</a> with sample posts and images. Then tell me via Twitter <a href="http://twitter.com/phlow">@phlow</a>.'
#
# Use the call for action to show a button on the frontpage
#
# To make internal links, just use a permalink like this
# url: /getting-started/
#
# To style the button in different colors, use no value
# to use the main color or success, alert or secondary.
# To change colors see sass/_01_settings_colors.scss
#
#callforaction:
#  url: https://tinyletter.com/feeling-responsive
#  text: Inform me about new updates and features ›
#  style: alert
permalink: /index.html
#
# This is a nasty hack to make the navigation highlight
# this page as active in the topbar navigation
#
homepage: true
---

<div id="videoModal" class="reveal-modal large" data-reveal="">
  <div class="flex-video widescreen vimeo" style="display: block;">
    <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3b5zCFSmVvU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
  </div>
  <a class="close-reveal-modal">&#215;</a>
</div>

Commit message:

try to get additional posts off frontpage with simple comment out

pages/pages-root-folder/index.md, after:

---
#
# Use the widgets beneath and the content will be
# inserted automagically in the webpage. To make
# this work, you have to use › layout: frontpage
#
layout: frontpage
header:
  image_fullwidth: Header2_3B.png
widget1:
  title: "Hackprop: (Mis)adventures in re-inventing the wheel"
  url: 'http://www.mlbloopers.net/blog/'
  image: widget-1-302x182.jpg
  text: 'The deep learning paradigm shift has come with ample criticisms of its limitations, with even lead conspirators like Geoff Hinton suggesting that the way forward requires scrapping and replacing fundamentals like backprop. In this post, I'll take Geoff's challenge and repeatedly, utterly fail.'
#widget2:
#  title: "Why use this theme?"
#  url: 'http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/info/'
#  text: '<em>Feeling Responsive</em> is heavily customizable.<br/>1. Language-Support :)<br/>2. Optimized for speed and it&#39;s responsive.<br/>3. Built on <a href="http://foundation.zurb.com/">Foundation Framework</a>.<br/>4. Seven different Headers.<br/>5. Customizable navigation, footer,...'
#  video: '<a href="#" data-reveal-id="videoModal"><img src="http://phlow.github.io/feeling-responsive/images/start-video-feeling-responsive-302x182.jpg" width="302" height="182" alt=""/></a>'
#widget3:
#  title: "Download Theme"
#  url: 'https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive'
#  image: widget-github-303x182.jpg
#  text: '<em>Feeling Responsive</em> is free and licensed under a MIT License. Make it your own and start building. Grab the <a href="https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive/tree/bare-bones-version">Bare-Bones-Version</a> for a fresh start or learn how to use it with the <a href="https://github.com/Phlow/feeling-responsive/tree/gh-pages">education-version</a> with sample posts and images. Then tell me via Twitter <a href="http://twitter.com/phlow">@phlow</a>.'
#
# Use the call for action to show a button on the frontpage
#
# To make internal links, just use a permalink like this
# url: /getting-started/
#
# To style the button in different colors, use no value
# to use the main color or success, alert or secondary.
# To change colors see sass/_01_settings_colors.scss
#
#callforaction:
#  url: https://tinyletter.com/feeling-responsive
#  text: Inform me about new updates and features ›
#  style: alert
permalink: /index.html
#
# This is a nasty hack to make the navigation highlight
# this page as active in the topbar navigation
#
homepage: true
---

<div id="videoModal" class="reveal-modal large" data-reveal="">
  <div class="flex-video widescreen vimeo" style="display: block;">
    <iframe width="1280" height="720" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3b5zCFSmVvU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
  </div>
  <a class="close-reveal-modal">&#215;</a>
</div>
